Dear MIT Breast pump researchers,
Thank you! I have a 5-month old and am in my first foray into pumping
(I worked from home with my first son so wasn't needed) and the
thought crosses my mind daily, "Really? There's no better design for
this?" The brief summary I read touched on the main design flaws that
I already had in mind.  I imagine it's on your list, but I'd also like
to make sure that the tubing and connection is taken into account. My
medela tubing seems so cheap, it gets tangles easily and has no
mechanism for clamping it onto the motor so I'm constantly having to
re-connect it, just silly to have to deal with!

I'd also love for some thought to be put into "the other 99%." How can
we make pumps available to women who are living in poverty? Who, while
may not be able to afford shoes for their children, still are
activists, organizers, and even professionals who need to be able to
be away from/provide breast milk for their babies? I work with
professional Mayan women in Guatemala who have never heard of such a
thing as a pump and have to pay extra hard earned money to have a
young neighbor delivery their babies to them multiple times per day,
or lose hours due to returning home to work (and often losing their
jobs because of it). We need these women in the workforce of their
communities...thank you, thank you for your innovative work and for
including all of the world's women in your design thought and process!
Warm regards,

p.s. I am happy to be included in any surveying or communication
efforts for this program. I wish I could join you at an in person
event, but am based in Colorado where, even at an incredibly
progressive and innovative non-profit foundation with generous and
caring bosses, I am still pumping in a dirty bathroom.
